docs: add a getting started to margaret (#8)
tymate/margaret: src/components/GettingStarted.stories.mdx

import { Meta, Story, Preview, Props } from '@storybook/addon-docs/blocks';
import { action } from '@storybook/addon-actions';

<Meta
  title="Intro/Getting Started"
  parameters={{ previewTabs: { canvas: { hidden: true } } }}
/>

# Getting Started

Margaret is a library of a set of React components. It lets you quickly use custom UI components and customize them with props according to your needs.

### Installation

To get started using it, install the package and its peer dependencies with a package manager:

> ```
> // with npm

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
# with npm
```

npm install @tymate/margaret lodash react-icons react-modal react-use styled-components
```

> ```
> // with yarn

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
# with yarn
```

yarn add @tymate/margaret lodash react-icons react-modal react-use styled-components
```

### MargaretProvider

> To use some components of Margaret you have to add a MargaretProvider component to the root of the application. It contains some state of the app, but it also allows to apply themes to the components with passing a theme object as a prop to the provider. The theme file contains objects which hold values for common variables such as color, fonts, border, variant and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use some components of Margaret, you have to add a MargaretProvider component at the root of the application. It contains some internal state, but it also allows to theme components by passing a theme prop to the provider. The theme object contains objects which hold values for common variables such as color, fonts, borders, variants, and more.
```

#### Example

```jsx
import React from 'react';
import ReactDOM from 'react-dom';
import App from './App';
import theme from './theme';
import { MargaretProvider } from '@tymate/margaret';

ReactDOM.render(
  <React.StrictMode>
    <MargaretProvider theme={theme}>
      <App />
    </MargaretProvider>
  </React.StrictMode>,
  document.getElementById('root'),
);
```

### Start

To use the components import them from the main package module:

```jsx
import { Button, Avatar } from '@tymate/margaret';
```

#### Example

```jsx
import { Button } from '@tymate/margaret';

export default const MyApp = () => (

>  <Button variant="primery" fontSize="1em">Se connecter</Button>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 <Button variant="primary" fontSize="1em">Login</Button>
```
